add new mutation for account check (#44)
europace/kex-vorgang-update-api: README.md

* The `antragstellerId` has to refer to an existing Antragsteller in the Vorgang.
* The agent must be allowed to sell payment protection insurances.

## Start Account Check

**accountCheck** ( vorgangsnummer: String! ) -> [AccountCheckResponse](#accountcheckresponse)!

> > This mutation creates a session for the digital account check provider tink. It returns a session key that can be used in their account check wizard.

Reviewer: `tink`? Satz klingt irgendwie weird

Author: 🤷‍♀️ so heißt der Anbieter, früher Fintec-Systems.

Reviewer: 🔦  :)

Reviewer 2: Sollten wir vielleicht tink verlinken, bzw. auf die Doku bei denen hinweisen? 
https://docs.xs2a.com/
Ansonsten passt es für mich. Kurz und knackig.

> > This mutation creates a session for the digital account check provider tink. It returns a session key that can be used in their account check wizard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This mutation creates a session for the digital account check process. It returns a session key that can be used in their account check wizard.
```
ist digital das richtige Wort? vielleicht automatisch oder so?

## Response-Datentypen

> If we do server-side adaptions of the data to ensure a valid dataset, we add hints to the `messages` field of the response. These are purely to inform the client, there are NEVER any errors in

> > the `messages` field. Errors will be only shown in the `errors` field of the response.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> the `messages` field. Errors will only be shown in the `errors` field of the response.
```
